fix: set default network timeout as `Duration::MAX` instead of zero. (#949)
bytebeamio/rumqtt: rumqttd/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- MQTT keep alive interval

> - Change MQTT keep alive interval from `Duration::ZERO` to `Duration::MAX`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change default network keep alive interval from `Duration::ZERO` to `Duration::MAX`.
```
